add text and links to 3 HA pages (#314)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.6.4/docs/deploy-daml/infrastructure-architecture/high-availability/production.rst

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

HA for Production Systems
#########################

> This section covers implementing High Availability (HA) in production systems.

Author: ```suggestion
This section covers how to implement High Availability (HA) in production systems.
```
